# $Id$

2005-11-03	Sergey S. Sergeev	<webs.support@gmail.com>

* core/OSQL/: combining queries (union{,All}, intersect{,All}, except{,All})
implemented.

2005-11-03	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* main/DAOs/SmartDAO.class.php: fixed semaphore obscure locking problems. 

2005-11-02	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* doc/sample/: updated to reflect current situation.

* core/DB/MySQL.class.php: implemented convention-based transparent sequences
handling.

2005-10-31	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/SmartDAO.class.php: checks for semaphore's acquiring problem.

* core/Cache/Cache.class.php: ReferencePool usage is now default behaviour.

2005-10-30	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* Released 0.2.4.

2005-10-29	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* main/DAOs/SmartDAO.class.php: per object lists map removed, it's useless
bacause dropLists() incorporated into uncacheById() and friends.

* main/DAOs/OneToManyLinked.class.php: cache cleanup fixed.

2005-10-28	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/UnifiedContainer.class.php: is now cache-aware.

* main/DAOs/SmartDAO.class.php: negative (aka pessimistic) cache model
implemented.

2005-10-25	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* core/Form/Form.class.php: clean violated rules too upon dropAllErrors().

2005-10-24	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/FullTextDAO.class.php: ObjectQuery is now mandatory for looking up
object or list.

* 0.2.3 released.

2005-10-23	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/FullTextDAO.class.php: added ability to override full text queries.

2005-10-23	Sveta Smirnova		<sveta@microbecal.com>

* core/DB/: MySQL support is back from incubator.

2005-10-21	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/FullTextDAO.class.php: silently moved to MappedStorableDAO.

* core/OSQL/: LogicalIn implemented through LogicalExpression, so it's
deprecated now just like LogicalEqLower.

2005-10-20	Garmonbozia R. G.	<garmonbozia@shadanakar.org>

* doc/www/: major site update - css, examples, propaganda, etc.

2005-10-18	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/NamedObjectDAO.class.php: accept Named implementations too.

* main/DAOs/MappedStorableDAO.class.php: hybrid child of SmartDAO.

* core/OSQL/: LogicalEqLower implemented through LogicalExpression, so it's
deprecated now.

2005-10-17	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/: transparent cache handling introduced by SmartDAO.

* main/DAOs/, core/DB/: GenericDAO introduced for SmartDAO's compatibility
with DB.

2005-10-16	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/ObjectQuery.class.php: null-valued mappings handling logic fixed.

* core/DB/DB.class.php: drop as much as we can at objectQuery().

2005-10-12	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* core/Cache/ReferencePool.class.php: new CachePeer wrapper, obsoletes
IdentityMap-in-DAOs idea.

2005-10-11	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/DB/DBTransaction.class.php: "neverending" transactions fixed.

2005-10-10	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* core/OSQL/: SelectQueries as select fields implemented as requested by
Sergeev Sergey <serge@rdw.ru>. Minor internal API changes.

2005-10-06	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/Base/Timestamp.class.php: getDayStartStamp, getDayEndStamp methods
added.

* core/Base/DateRange.class.php: enlarge, clip, compare methods added.

2005-10-06	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* core/OSQL/SelectQuerySkeleton.class.php: merged back to SelectQuery as
suggested by Antony.

* core/Base/StorableContainer.class.php, core/Base/DAOConnected.class.php:
moved to main/DAOs/.

2005-09-30	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/Base/Timestamp.class.php: useful compare method added.

* core/Base/DateRange.class.php: useless compare method removed.

2005-09-28	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/Base/DateRange.class.php: contains, split methods added.

2005-09-27	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/UnifiedContainer.class.php: correct fetch() behaviour.

2005-09-27	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* main/Utils/LogicUtils.class.php: corrected conditions.

* core/Base/DateRange.class.php: compare, overlaps methods added.

2005-09-24	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/UnifiedContainer.class.php: do not throw ObjectNotFoundException
on empty lists.

2005-09-23	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* 0.2.2 released.

* main/Utils/LogicUtils.class.php: new place for common used logic patterns.

2005-09-20	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* core/Base/: added delimiters for date'n'time-related stringoization methods,
Time.class.php introduced.

* core/DB/DBTransaction.class.php: extremly evil typo fixed, so now
transaction doesn't start every time you're adding new Query to it.

* core/OSQL/PreQuery.class.php: obsoleted, will be removed at 0.2.5.

* main/DAOs/: UnifiedContainer and friends ported to ObjectQuery from
obsoleted PreQuery.

2005-09-20	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/Base/NamedObject.class.php: added static compareNames() for using in
usort().

2005-09-17	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* doc/sample: synced with Form's related changes.

* core/Form/FiltrablePrimitive.class.php: setFilter() removed.

2005-09-16	Anton E. Lebedevich	<noiselist@pochta.ru>

* core/Form/FiltrablePrimitive.class.php: introduced display and import
filters chain.

* core/Form/HTMLFilter.class.php, core/Form/TextFilter.class.php: removed in
favour of filter' chains.

* core/Form: added more basic filters.

* doc/: "Coding Style Convention" added to documentation.

2005-09-16	Konstantin Scheglov	<gnuman@yandex.ru>

* main/DAOs/CommonDAO.class.php: getById should throw ObjectNotFoundException
instead of null returning.

2005-09-16	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/ObjectQuery.class.php: treat mapping keys with null values as
field names.

2005-09-10	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* 0.2.1 released.

* main/DAOs/FinalObjectsTreeDAO.class.php: getListByParentId added.

2005-09-09	Igor V. Gulyaev			<igor_vg@mail.ru>

* main/DAOs/ObjectQuery.class.php: sticky property name fixed.

2005-09-09	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* main/DAOs/CommonDAO.class.php: cleanups and minor optimizations.

* main/DAOs/ObjectQuery.class.php: added support for values in query's logic.

* core/DB/DB.class.php: setPersistent() dropped - we can't change connection
type on the fly; getPersistent() renamed to isPersistent().

* core/DB/PostgresDialect.class.php: quoteValue() moved to generic
pg_quote_string().

* core/DB/AccessLevel.class.php, core/DB/IsolationLevel.class.php: avoid
zero-valued constants.

* core/OSQL/PreQuery.class.php: deprecated in favour of ObjectQuery.

2005-09-03	Konstantin V. Arkhipov	<voxus@shadanakar.org>

* Initial release - 0.2.0.
